dnsdist: Don't accept sub-paths of configured DoH URLs (#8760)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/upgrade_guide.rst

Upgrade Guide
=============

1.4.0 to 1.5.x
--------------

> DOH endpoints specified in the fourth parameter of :func:`addDOHLocal` are now specified as exact URLs instead of sub-paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DOH endpoints specified in the fourth parameter of :func:`addDOHLocal` are now specified as exact URLs instead of prefixes```
